### Deep Learning Framework Testing via Model Mutation: How Far Are We?

This is the open repository of our ICSE 2025 paper:  Deep Learning Framework Testing via Model Mutation: How Far Are We?

#### Description ####

In this work, we carry out two types of research work: (1) construct a high-priority framework defect classification based on the expertise of developers;（2）conduct a large-scale empirical study on 4 state-of-the-art mutation-based testing methods.

For the first type of work, we collect the defect reports from three framework communities, i.e., MindSpore, PyTorch, and TensorFlow. Then we filter those high-priority framework defect report based on the tags labeled by developers. Finally, we recurit six volunteers to label the high-priority framework defects. The labeled results can be found in the folder ``RQ1_result''. Besides, you can run kappa.py to calcluate the kappa metric value of the label result of each framework.

For the second type of work, we  run 4 existing methods on the latest releases of four popular DL frameworks: PyTorch, MindSpore, ONNX, and TensorFlow with a total of 23 classic DL models from 8 scenario tasks. Besides, to analyze the impact factors of model mutation in existing methods, we also collect 14 mutation operators including 4 types, i.e., structure-mutation, input-mutation, weight-mutation, and parameter-mutation. We analyze the detects detected by existing methods from (1) our study and (2) previous studies. We present the results obtained by re running the CRADLE, LEMON, and COMET methods in our study in ``RQ2_result'' folder, .

Besides, to investigate the impact factors that affect model mutation, i.e., mutation type, mutation position (the middle layers selected to mutate), and mutation order. We compare the output inconsistency of the mutants generated by different experiments. The results can be found in the folder ``RQ3_result'.'

The defects detected in our study can be found in the 'defects.xlsx' file. Among them, the first column is the description of the content of the defect, the second column is whether the defect has been confirmed by the framework developer, the third column is whether the defect has been fixed, the fourth column is the label of the defect, the fifth column is the type of defect (divided into inconsistent defects, NAN defects, and Crash defects based on previous work types), and the last column is the framework category to which the defect report belongs.

If you have any questions, please leave a message here to contact us. 

